---
layout: page
title: End To Genocide Coalition
permalink: /end_to_genocide_coalition/
menu: false
---
<p style="text-align: justify;">Born out of FPN’s Power Mapping committee, End to Genocide Coalition's duty and message is to build national and local power for the liberation of Palestine and act in solidarity with all peoples oppressed under imperialism and fascism through community and political engagement and direct action. We recognize that those of us living in the belly of the beast have a heightened responsibility to dismantle oppressive systems that are fueling Israel’s genocide and ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian people, and the countless atrocities around the world. We call upon the people of Central Florida to recognize a recurring pattern of Imperial conquest orchestrated by the American government, often veiled under the guise of “Human Rights” and the promotion of Democracy.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">Our role in dismantling these violent systems is critical as our local police forces are being trained by the Israeli Occupation Forces, our local defense contractors are selling weapons to the Israeli military, and many politicians offer unconditional support to Israel despite its actions– to the point where our state is dangerously passing legislation that equates criticism of the Israeli state with antisemitism. We are one part of a wider international movement to resist Israeli apartheid and all forms of state-sanctioned violence. Our elected officials have a duty to protect all people and ensure that Palestinians living and working in our local community are safe from dehumanization, criminalization, and violence. They have failed in this obligation and continue to perpetuate and enable institutional violence towards Palestinians in the diaspora and must be held accountable. This unequivocal support and redirection of resources to uphold Israel’s apartheid regime in occupied Palestine comes directly at the expense of our communities at home.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">We understand deeply that through racialized capitalism, corporations are profiting from and perpetuating genocide. We recognize that the majority of US citizens oppose the massive violence unfolding in occupied Palestine and want a ceasefire but our elected officials continue to fail to represent their constituents. Through political engagement, we are fighting to end investment in policies and weapons that cause destruction and political instability globally and to instead reinvest those resources into our schools, housing, healthcare, and communities. We commit to moving in intersectional solidarity with all peoples in their struggles for justice and liberation as we fight for a world where everyone is safe, healthy, and free.</p>